feat(skills-next): add SDK reference organization (#234)
getsentry/sentry-for-ai: skills-next/references/sdks/index.md

# Sentry SDK references

> The per-platform HOW — the code for installing Sentry and wiring up each signal. There is one

Author: ```suggestion
The per-platform sentry configuration. the code for installing Sentry and wiring up each different type of instrumentation. There is one
```
